Amber Network Entity Submission (#254)
oasislabs/docs: src/operators/migrating-questnet-entities.md

> # Migrating QuestNet Entities for the Amber Network

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Migrating Your QuestNet Entity for the Amber Network
```

> For those who have previously participated in The Quest, we ask that you create
> an entity package for the Amber Network derived from your Quest entity. A
> migration is required due to some breaking changes for the node descriptors used
> between The Quest and the Amber Network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For those who have previously participated in The Quest, you must create
an entity package for the Amber Network derived from your Quest entity. A
migration is required due to breaking changes in the node descriptor format used
between The Quest and the Amber Network.
```

To summarize, the steps required for migration are as follows:

1. Backup all of your entity/node artifacts.
2. Create a set of new node artifacts.
    * This will effectively delete your old node. While it might be possible to

>       use the same keys with the Amber Network, for simplicity's sake, we will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      use the same node identity with the Amber Network, for simplicity's sake, we will
```

      not include those instructions. If you attempt to do so, it is at your own
      discretion.
3. Update your entity with the new node descriptor.
    * This removes the old node descriptor.
4. Create and submit your Entity Package

> 5. Update your validator with the new node artifacts when the Amber Network

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Start your node with the new node artifacts when the Amber Network
```

   starts.

## Prerequisites

* Your `/localhostdir`
  * We are assuming that you had previously followed our setup guides and
    created an entity/node in a directory called `/localhostdir`
* Your `/localhostdir/entity` containing your `entity.pem` (Your entity private key)
* oasis-node v20.7
  * Linux: [oasis-node-linux]
  * macOS: [oasis-node-macos]

[oasis-node-linux]: https://github.com/oasisprotocol/oasis-core/releases/download/v20.7/oasis_core_20.7_linux_amd64.tar.gz

> [oasis-node-macos]: https://github.com/oasisprotocol/oasis-core/releases/download/v20.7/oasis_core_20.7_macos_amd64.tar.gz

Author: Hrm... should probably add a disclaimer not to run the macos version as a node.

Reviewer: Do you feel like we need to provide this binary? Alternatively, we could help folks through operator slack if they ask.

Author: Ah... good question. Let's go without it.

> ## Step 1: Backup all of your entity artifacts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 1: Backup all of your entity/node artifacts
```

  --node.is_self_signed \
  --node.role validator
```

After you've completed these steps your `/localhostdir/node` directory should
include the following files. As before, please be mindful of the files you
_should not share_.

* `consensus.pem`: The node's consensus private key. **DO NOT SHARE**
* `consensus_pub.pem`: The node's consensus public key.
* `identity.pem`: The node's identity private key. **DO NOT SHARE**
* `identity_pub.pem`: The node's identity public key.
* `node_genesis.json`: The node's details if you wish to include this node in
  the genesis file of the network.
* `p2p.pem`: The node's private key for libp2p. **DO NOT SHARE**
* `p2p_pub.pem`: The node's public key for libp2p.
* `tls_identity.pem`: The node's TLS private key for securing gRPC
  connections. **DO NOT SHARE**
* `tls_identity_cert.pem`: The node's TLS certificate for securing gRPC
  connections.

## Step 3: Update your entity with the new node descriptor

Now that we have initialized a new node, we need to add it to the entity
descriptor so that it can properly register itself when the node starts up.

Execute the following command in the `/localhostdir/node` directory:

```bash

> oasis-node registry entity update \

Reviewer: Do we also need to remove the old node from the entity descriptor?

  --signer.dir /localhostdir/entity \
  --entity.node.descriptor node_genesis.json
```

## Step 4: Create and submit your Entity Package

Once you've completed the steps above, follow the guide in [Creating an Entity
Package] _before the beginning of the Amber Network_.

[Creating an Entity Package]: ./creating-an-entity-package.md

> ## Step 5: Update Your Validator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 5: Update your node
```

_should not share_.

* `consensus.pem`: The node's consensus private key. **DO NOT SHARE**
* `consensus_pub.pem`: The node's consensus public key.
* `identity.pem`: The node's identity private key. **DO NOT SHARE**
* `identity_pub.pem`: The node's identity public key.
* `node_genesis.json`: The node's details if you wish to include this node in
  the genesis file of the network.
* `p2p.pem`: The node's private key for libp2p. **DO NOT SHARE**
* `p2p_pub.pem`: The node's public key for libp2p.
* `tls_identity.pem`: The node's TLS private key for securing gRPC
  connections. **DO NOT SHARE**
* `tls_identity_cert.pem`: The node's TLS certificate for securing gRPC
  connections.

## Step 3: Update your entity with the new node descriptor

Now that we have initialized a new node, we need to add it to the entity
descriptor so that it can properly register itself when the node starts up.

Execute the following command in the `/localhostdir/node` directory:

```bash
oasis-node registry entity update \
  --signer.dir /localhostdir/entity \
  --entity.node.descriptor node_genesis.json
```

You may be wondering if you need to remove the old node from the entity. The

> `oasis-node registry entity update` command only include explicitly specified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`oasis-node registry entity update` command includes only explicitly specified
```
